NIAD-2889: Bugfix - add additional JMS error handling (#345)
NHSDigital/nia-patient-switching-standard-adaptor: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> * add additional error handling for unexpected exceptions
> * modify SQL statements to guard against out of memory errors 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed

* Add additional error handling for exceptions raised when processing PSS queue, and MHS queue messages.
* Fix bug in some SQL statement which was causing excessively large amounts of data was being returned, causing PostgresSQL Out of Memory errors.
```
